---
slug: JohnYu-apps2
title: Johns Yu's Apps 2
authors: [jyu, dtrinh]
tags: [MecSimCalc, Engineering, Math, Linear Algebra]
---

# John Yu Apps (August 19, 2022)

The following blogposts were written by John Yu for apps he had created on MecSimCalc. John Yu was a student researcher working with MecSimCalc for 8 months. We will miss you John!

## **Algebraic Operation on Complex Numbers**

This blog post is dedicated to the [Algebraic Operation on Complex Numbers](https://mecsimcalc.com/app/3941579/algebraic_operations_on_complex_numbers) app created by John Yu.

### ___About the app___

The Algebraic Operation on Complex Numbers app is intended for students taking a linear
algebra course. This app helps students better grasp how operations are performed with
complex numbers. The app lets you perform 4 types of operations: addition, subtraction,
multiplication, and division. Addition and subtraction using complex numbers is best performed
using vectors and the app walks users through the steps using visual aids. Multiplication and
division using complex numbers is best performed using euler form and the app provides
excellent visual aids to assist students in learning the step-by-step process. Learning how to
perform operations on complex numbers is very important for any engineering student.
Complex numbers have many practical applications particularly in electrical and computer
engineering where these skills will be invaluable. Students who use this app will find themselves
better prepared for their future engineering courses.

## **Understanding Vector Fields**

This blog post is dedicated to the [Understanding Vector Fields](https://mecsimcalc.com/app/9890961/understanding_vector_fields) app created by John Yu.

### ___About the app___

The Understanding Vector Fields app lets you visually generate a vector field. The app takes in
an equation representing your vector field and plots each vector on a graph. It is useful in a
variety of applications. Vector calculus is a very important skill and many engineering students
take a calculus class dedicated to this subject. You can plot simple equations like the flow of a
river with the equation . You can plot more complicated vector fields like a magnetic field using
the equation .