---
slug: Johns-apps
title: Johns Apps
authors: [jyu]
tags: [MecSimCalc, Computer Science, Engineering, Math, Statistics]
---

# John Yu Apps (August 5th, 2022)

The following blogposts were written by John Yu for various apps he had created on MecSimCalc. 

## **Pairwise Testing Generator**

This blog post is dedicated to the [Pairwise Testing Generator](https://mecsimcalc.com/app/8809236/pairwise_testing_generator) app created by John Yu.

### ___About the Pairwise Testing Generator___

The pairwise testing generator is an app that can generate a set of test cases with up to 5
independent variables. The app uses a technique called Taguchi Orthogonal Arrays such that
every pairing of variables appears in at least one test case. This method is significantly more
powerful and more efficient compared to brute-force testing. You can get full testing coverage
of your program using significantly less test cases. This can save you a lot of time and a lot of
money depending on the size of your program.

### ___Why I made this app___

Software testing is a critical step in the software development lifecycle. There are countless
opportunities for mistakes and defects to come up at any point in the development of software.
Fixing code is equally as important as creating code. Finding these bugs early in the
development lifecycle will help to mitigate issues that come up later. The hard part of testing
code is generating test cases. Full code coverage often comes with a huge set of test cases
which is expensive and time consuming. A small set of test cases is cost effective but lacks code
coverage. I made this app to help software engineers generate test cases that can provide
adequate code coverage in a reasonable amount of test cases. This saves you a lot of time and
money and improves the quality of your code.

## **Simple Linear Regression and Discrete Probability Distribution**

This blog post is dedicated to the [Simple Linear Regression](https://mecsimcalc.com/app/3625435/simple_linear_regression) and [Visualizing Discrete Probability Distributions](https://mecsimcalc.com/app/8359657/visualizing_discrete_probability_distributions) apps created by John Yu.

### ___About the Simple Linear Regression and the Discrete Probability Distribution App___

The simple linear regression app can generate a regression line from your set of data points.
The app is intended to be a helpful tool for Statistics students to understand how the linear
regression line is calculated. There are no statistical libraries used in the calculation of the
regression line. All calculations are done using equations from my statistics textbook. The app
will calculate the regression line as well as show you how the calculation is performed. In
statistics, there are many formulas that can calculate a regression line. This app uses the
simplest equation to help students gain a better understanding of how the regression line is
calculated.

The Discrete Probability Distribution app can visualize common probability distributions in
Statistics. This app is intended to be a helpful tool for students taking Statistics to understand
how these probability distributions work. The user can play around with the parameters of the
distributions defined in the app inputs to understand how these parameters impact the graph.

## **Truth Table Generator**

This blog post is dedicated to the [Truth Table Generator](https://mecsimcalc.com/app/4669459/truth_table_generator) app created by John Yu.

### ___About the Truth Table Generator App___

The truth table generator is an app that can generate a truth table by defining a logical
expression. You can define a logic expression simply by typing it into the app inputs. The app
will evaluate your expression with each possible combination of inputs and return the expected
output. This app is intended to be used by students taking a digital logic class who need to
quickly generate a truth table. Sometimes a logic expression may be very complicated to
evaluate by hand. This app can generate a truth table with any expression no matter how
complicated it is. Students will find this app by helpful for verifying your truth table. The app
has been tested multiple times to ensure that the expected outputs are correct.